The End
The world is changing.
Everything is changing.
The day before yesterday,
the Thirsty Man has changed.
Now,
Nagoya City and Kanto City
are different.
In Tokyo,
where the stones are walking,
the bees are wandering
in the waves.
The father is
the head of the land
and the head of the city.
The cherry blossoms are blooming
and the people are envious.
The head of the city
is the head of the city.
What is it called?
It's not the same as the previous one.
It's called Karakuri.
hey're birds
which sing The Lures.
These being silk enemies
Freddie's
these are silk enemies
and星 except the sword
gives a darkness of love
I am so frightened
is being repaired here
Theilder of Italo
Bioh jeden
The house of the second son, Yaoya Kyubei, was burned down.
But here, there is a cute daughter named Ohitsu.
Her parents were worried.
They thought that she would not be able to take care of her until her father's death.
They took care of her husband, Kichijoji Komagome.
She was safe here.
But here, there is a poor man named Koshio.
He is a good man.
He looks a little like the man in the magazine,
but at first glance, he looks like a good man.
And Kichijoji is a very cute boy.
They were sending each other to school every day.
They were always together.
But the house was finished with a broken house.
Her parents came to pick her up.
They said, I have to go home, but they said it was impossible.
So they said, let's go home.
And they said goodbye to Kichijoji.
Kichijoji, I'm going home.
I don't want to see you.
Ohitsu, I don't want to see you.
They said goodbye to each other and went home.
But here, they couldn't meet each other.
They were burned down and sent to the temple.
They said, if we were burned down again, we would meet Kichijoji.
They set fire to the house.
No one knew about it.
But then, the third day,
the police of the house came to the house.
They were looking for a pervert.
They turned to the house.
They said, what are you doing?
They were afraid of the pervert.
So they took the house.
They informed the police.
The police said, it's okay.
We want to help you.
This is Hichi.
And this is Jyushia.
I'm 15 years old.
I was born on July 7, and my name is Ohichi.